Using Bugtool
=============

1. Running bugtool: Bugtool runs under X windows, so you'll need to make sure that your
                    DISPLAY variable is set to a valid host. To execute bugtool, run the 
                    script /ParaSET/tools/bugtool (it should already be in your path). 

2. Viewing bugs: Once bugtool loads up, you will see a table of bugs. Each row in the table 
                 constitutes a separate bug and contains several descriptive fields separated
                 by spaces. The default layout of these fields is as follows: 

 		 bug #   severity   assignee   state   subsystem   title

                 You may choose a different layout for the bug fields by selecting one of the
                 layouts under the Format pulldown menu. Some layouts may display more information
                 than others. 
 
                 You can sort the bug list by clicking on the Sort/filter button, choosing a field 
                 to sort by, selecting either Ascending or Descending from the main window, 
                 and finally clicking on the Sort button. Bugs can be filtered from the list 
                 by choosing a sort/filter field, entering a filter expression in the Expression 
                 text box, and pressing Filter. Wildcards may be used in filter strings. Certain
                 common filter operations can be found under the Filter pulldown menu.     
                 
                 To view all of the information concerning a certain bug up close, double click on 
                 the bug in the main window. This will bring up a smaller window containing all 
                 the information pertaining to the bug you selected. If a certain entry in the bug's
                 description is too long to read, click on it, and then press the Edit button. 
                 Doing this will bring up a text window that you can scroll through.

Editing bugs: To edit an existing bug, double click on it to view it up close and click on the 
              Locked option. This will ensure that no one will be able to modify the bug at 
              the same time as you. If you get an error message, then someone else already has the 
              bug locked. Once you have the bug locked, click on the field you want to change, and 
              enter the new text in the box to the left of the edit button. If you need more space  
              for your description, click on edit and hit "Ok" once you've finished entering your
              text. Do this for as many fields as you like. You can also add new fields by selecting
              an item from the Insert field menu. Some of these fields, like SubmitDateR&D will 
              have default values that you may not need to change. To save your changes click on 
              Store; to discard the modifications hit Cancel. 

              Beware, you may not change the priority of a bug (unless you happen to be Michael Brook), 
              and certain fields will only accept a pre-defined set of values. For example, the 
              Subsystem field must be a valid subsystem, and the assignee field must be a valid
              username.

Adding new bugs: To add a new bug, click on Session -> New Bug and follow the instructions for editing
                 an existing bug. 

Usage notes: When submitting a bug, you need to add the following two fields to the bug entry: 
             SubmitDateR&D and CloseDescription. When creating or modifying entries, be sure 
             to use appropriate values for the Severity and Priority (correct values are listed 
             in another document), and make sure you enter the correct Subsystem name (these are 
             listed in another document as well; the names are also hard-coded so you can take a look 
             at /ParaSET/bugtool/src/client/legalfields.C).   

Misc: You can save and print the list from the "Session" menu. Choosing Save will pipe the bugs to
      $HOME/bugtool.list. 

